wallet: Add sqlite as an alternative wallet database and use it for new descriptor wallets (#19077)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/files.md

-------------|-------------------|------------
`database/`  | BDB logging files | Part of BDB environment; created at start and deleted on shutdown; a user *must keep it as safe* as personal wallet `wallet.dat`
`./`         | `db.log`          | BDB error file

> `./`         | `wallet.dat`      | Personal wallet with keys and transactions. May be either a BDB or SQLite3 database file.

Reviewer: 05c427a0654d2fe0907d8a755e74a2e2d0a51f07
```suggestion
`./`         | `wallet.dat`      | Personal wallet with keys and transactions. May be either a Berkeley DB or SQLite3 database file
```

Author: Done

-------------|-------------------|------------
`database/`  | BDB logging files | Part of BDB environment; created at start and deleted on shutdown; a user *must keep it as safe* as personal wallet `wallet.dat`
`./`         | `db.log`          | BDB error file
`./`         | `wallet.dat`      | Personal wallet with keys and transactions. May be either a Berkeley DB or SQLite database file.
`./`         | `.walletlock`     | Wallet lock file

> `./`         | `wallet.dat-journal` | SQLite Rollback Journal file for `wallet.dat`. Usually created at start and deleted on shutdown. A user *must keep it as safe* as the `wallet.dat` file.

Reviewer: Addressed in #20152.
